[Music]
hi welcome to another episode of cooking
for one I'm Cassie can Busey good food
and today I'm going to show you how to
make a really easy sausage and bean stew
to make this delicious one pot dinner
you're going to need some cherry
tomatoes a couple of garlic cloves a
stick of celery I'm using a leek but you
can also use an onion if that's what
you've got a carrot
it's my tomato puree a tin of beans I'm
using butter beans but borlotti beans
would be really nice or any means you've
got really some smoked paprika one
sausage and some rosemary first I'm
going to peel and chop the carrots and
the rest of the vegetables I'm going to
leave the vegetables nice and chunky
here I'm also going to peel the celery
stick just to get rid of some of those
fibrous stringy bits on the outside this
makes a nice party rustic stew so you
can leave the vegetables chunky or you
can chop a little bit finer if you want
now I'm going to prepare the link so
split the leek down the center and just
make sure there's no dirt or grit inside
those leaves you may need to give it a
little bit of a wash if you can see any
dirt in there just like that okay so our
leeks nice and clean I'm going to
roughly chop that as well you only need
about half of the link so I'm gonna save
that for another recipe tomorrow now on
to the garlic just crush it with the
heel of your knife you can either use a
garlic crusher to crush it or just mince
it up with your knife so now I'm just
going to have some of these Tomatoes you
want about ten cherry tomatoes or you
could use three or four large Tomatoes
now just roughly
shop your rosemarie you could use
another witty herb if that's what you've
got some oregano or thyme would be
really nice here as well give it a nice
rough chop I'm going to heat a good cup
of olive oil in a nice big pan on the
first thing I want to cook is the
sausage so I'm just going to squeeze the
sausage made from the skin into balls
straight into the pan and we're going to
sizzle those for a couple of minutes
until they're nice and golden and crispy
okay let's look it is looking lovely and
crispy now so I'm just going to keep
those out into a bowl
and we'll add those faxes to at the end
of cooking so now we're going to add all
our other vegetables we've got our herb
and garlic celery and carrot we're going
in
but I'm also going to add a spoon of
tomato puree you want about a teaspoon
in there
and a little sprinkle of his smoke
Patrick artists and extra flavor
okay so that's been cooking for about a
minute or two just until the tomatoes
start to soften and now I'm going to add
our Philippines with the liquid from the
can and half a chicken stock cube
if everything is stir your glutes a
pinch of salt now just pop the lid on
and cook that for 15 to 20 minutes okay
while star stews coking I want to show
you how to make a really tasty easy
garlic bread to go with this G so I've
just got a nice slice of crusty
sourdough bread here but you could use
some ciabatta or a baguette if that's
what you've got you're a nice chunky
piece and a garlic clove so just crush
your garlic clove peel off the skin and
then rub one of the cut sides all over
that piece of bread this would give it a
really lovely garlicky flavor and save
this piece of garlic cause you can use
that again in another recipe you can
just drizzle it with a little bit of
olive oil
and just cook that in a nice medium to
high heat griddle pan or you could do it
on a frying pan if that's what you've
got and you'll have some really tasty
garlicky bread to go with your stream
so I'll stiffen it with him for about
ten minutes now and then to add those
sausage pieces back into the pots and
stir them in and then just cook it for
another five or so minutes until they're
cooked through and lovely rich stew so
our students cooked for about 18 minutes
in total and it's ready now the sauce is
just cooked through the veggies are nice
and soft and we put a lovely rich sauce
I did just talk about with a little bit
of water while it was cooking so you may
need to do that if the liquid evaporates
too much so at this point just taste the
sauce and see if it needs any more
seasoning I'm just going to add a little
pinch of sugar to balance out those
tomatoes and a splash of red wine
vinegar it's for a little bit of
sharpness and I've garlic bread looks
lovely so now we are ready to serve so
now we're ready to serve up I put the
garlic bread straight into the bowl so
that it can soak up some of those lovely
juices from the stew I'm just going to
spoon it all on top this makes a really
nice generous serving so it's great if
you're hungry or if you want to save a
little bit for lunch to the next day and
packed with loads of veggies that's
really good for you now I'm just gonna
garnish that with a little bit of
Parmesan cheese this is completely
optional but it just adds some really
lovely savoury cheesy topping to the
stew and a few basil leaves again you
can leave them off if you don't have
them that are just a nice finishing
touch and finally a nice glug of some
good olive oil
so that is our easy speedy really really
tasty sausage and being a stew I hope
you love it
[Music]